One of the common misconceptions of our field is that all pilots are created
equal, more specifically, that all communities are created equal.
While helicopter pilots make up a significant proportion of the
aviation community, they do not make up a significant proportion of
aviation leadership. You can have a pretty good chance of making are
being promoted to go six eventually, UM, which is pretty even. But
that's because it's pretty. Is communities community specific and a
lot of ways, If you want it in order to move past the captain to maybe
a flag rank, you have to. You will be competing against people from
other communities, and the folks that get the most traction with
promotion are in the fixed wing and specifically jet communities. So
the idea that everyone has an equal chance of becoming an admiral
if that really does exist, I can tell you for sure that it does not